The session so that we've got something to give to the lecturers.
Good.
OK, so that's recording now. We can now start the meeting and I'll let you take the floor on what you got up to over the last few days, but the assignment.
Not much.
But like.
They will see 1/2.
Did look at the.
Personal profile, but not much else.
I'm more focused.
Sing getting work done frankly.
This.
This this the newest loses.
Do you do you?
But I think things are going well, however, and I think I can see see why we need to focus on next.
Yeah.
Like I understand where you're coming from, I've made a good start on the personal information or sorry the background information and also started the team profile if I can share my screen.
But I'll be dedicate I I have done that much 'cause let's see. I'm not sure who who was responsible for starting up the profile.
I've made a start.
I can't work out how to share my screen.
I mean admin will stop it.
I think it's.
This one here.
He said not.
Uh, can you see my screen?
Yep.
Just they have done something, just bear with me one moment.
Thank you for doing the right thing for that.
I've got you.
That's alright.
At least I I sent you the website so we could. We could collaborate together. If you don't good move.
OK.
Yeah, so I've.
So what do you want me to?
I'm not 100% sure. OK, so I've done my background information. It's a little bit more than a paragraph, but it's broke. It's a paragraph, but it's broken up into two sections. As you can see, one of the hobbies background.
I I might put my back on information as well.
Eventually.
Yeah, so I've done that. I've.
Also my Papa.
I'm sorry.
Awesome, my actual off my back come information as well. I might be able to do that as well. It's time.
Well, I've started writing yours out.
Anyway.
So that because I'm I'm better with the the writing rather than the technical side of it.
That's good.
So I've.
I'm better with the communication, so I've started writing out the your test results. What use score? I've gotta make it start after I finish this section off?
I'm going to put my information in there and then do one analysis of all of it.
Yep.
On what's going on and how that's.
Going to work as a team and all that.
OK, ah, let me just work out how to.
Stop sharing my screen.
To that button there Yep.
OK, so that's.
Where I'm up to so.
If you can condense your background information and your interest in.
IT, and where else was it was something else.
Well, I'm not.
I think we can condense my personal my background and IT.
Because information back on the T zone.
Yeah so.
But anything I would need some help with that because I'm not the best writing writing.
OK, I can have a look at that as well.
OK.
And I can try and condense that down into.
I'll I'll I'll, I'll assist you. I will text you as well.
Yeah I, I'll have a go at it. I'll send you a link to it and you can adjust it as you see fit.
But it's just going to be basically your name, your student number, your background, hobbies, interests and experience, and we will need to add in a team name.
You know my student. If he did, you do know my student number, of course, because that's in the.
This is it in the.
In the profile. Yeah, I've got your profile up here so I can see all that.
Uhm no no no.
Bear with me so I can write that for you.
I've.
Organized.
Uh, where is it?
I've lost it hold up.
Ah.
It was.
We'll have to do the ideal jobs.
Bye.
I I'm best if I work with deadlines.
So what's the date today?
I think we do do it by the body 5th.
I get.
Yeah.
You can't do, but then we have to postpone it get. I think we should get done.
I would also like to.
Have both because I forgot what role Rose I had it.
Yeah so.
Are you able to visualize?
So the ideal jobs mines working in cyber security and ethical hacking.
And from yours, where is it? Just bring it up. Ideal job.
See.
It in cybersecurity.
He almost had to protect against it, but also data analysis, which is why.
In
in do.
Yeah, so yours is developers and programming.
From your profile. So if we can, and I've lost it.
Just got out of it. That's alright, I'll get back into that eventually. UM, if we can make a list of comparison of.
What age jobs going to?
Compare contrast in the ideas of each person.
In the group I have changed due to feedback from assignment. One welcome to elements are there if any what?
Differentiate each position from the others. If anything, how similar or different.
Are your career plans across the group?
It can be tackled universe ways and writing and visual elements or concise coverage, analysis, conclusion covering all would be good. Johnny recommended table presentation of comparison data as it is very easy to highlight a lot of information, simple for others to read and interpret.
I think, uh.
Yes, I I figured be good too. Did you contrast on one table? Contrasts on the table?
Yeah, so if.
Yep.
We
write up a table.
That has.
I'm just brainstorming here. I'm not 100% sure here, but we have a table will have.
Cyber security role.
And then which? And ethical hacking, which is what I want to get into and your role.
Yep.
Why is it that guilty? But mostly their size now?
The programming and we list and released all the skills that we need against each other.
It's like so first skill experience with Wireshark.
Yes.
For cyber security.
Because.
Programming Python.
SQ database analysis, then waste management for their science. That's all. Is that the understanding?
It's.
Yeah.
Yeah, so if you can go through and do that.
That will have them be able to visualize that.
We will be able to have a good idea of.
How we compare the jobs and the contrast and?
What's different about each row and what's similar?
And.
How we and then we'll meet up again after that's done, and we will.
Uhm?
Discuss how different our career paths across the group are gonna be, how best to get into those areas.
Does that work for you?
That works I think.
But he doesn't think quite hear that.
Uh.
Which part didn't you hear?
If you can't, that's fine, but I needed.
So once we have the table listed, we'll be able to go through and compare.
What happened, what each role entails, and with the differences and similarities.
Did different groups.
And.
Yeah, just across the users of like in this group the.
People that are in the group will need to compare the different jobs and how to get into those.
Once that tables written weekend, then discuss how.
Different in how we're going to get the.
Across the career path.
Yeah, does that make sense?
That makes sense I.
I just swing between people skills and sets. Is that OK? People showing.
Yeah.
And name of people on others? Is that the idea?
So I was just going to say.
In a table we right.
Like I want to get into cyber security.
So we put that as a heading of one of the tables.
Similar, let's see if I can bring something else up so it'll have like.
Yeah.
I'll just quickly mock something up like now if I can get down to work.
Uh.
I will.
You blank document.
Insert.
Able.
And over here we have.
I'm programming wasn't.
That was your ideal job programming.
Well, what?
Our programming, well, I can tell it is.
The interest is basically it, it says.
Look at the interesting that tipping. I'm more programming but also not computing other Fishel intelligence and data analysis.
And programming.
Data.
So.
This so I'm just going to quickly share my screen.
Go to this one.
So can you see my screen down here how I've got the heading cyber security?
And then.
Yes.
Programming and data analysis. And then maybe they stay on all the different.
Skills that you need to get into cyber security and all the different needs skills we need to get into programming and data analysis down a list so that then we can visualize that a bit better as they OK, there's some crossover here.
And what's different? What's the same and how that can be?
Used for the ideal job portion of the assignment.
Yes, basically come.
Yes, Sir.
I see.
So basically
the.
This field we want to get into and skills.
Yep.
And and skills or tools that we need. It's OK.
Yes.
That's exactly it.
That is exactly it.
Yep.
By the way, we're looking at the transcript that is being generated.
Yeah.
Pretty funny, you know.
OK, I have organized this is what I'm doing tomorrow.
I'm going to interview.
Some IT professionals.
I'm going to ask my.
We'll ask people around us, so if they want to be interviewed, but you can you, I might be interesting that it's sort of my head.
So I was going to interview two people.
I've got two interviews lined up tomorrow.
So I'm going to discuss with them the questions that we're in.
I don't have any any to be lined up so.
That's it.
Thank you for doing that, I'll do.
Our technical work.
In the meanwhile.
Uh.
Did my on description and pinned up one of two or more of the new modules.
OK.
Yes, so on Wednesday, at roughly the same time we'll meet up again. I'll play the recording for the interviews that we've had that I've had with IT professionals. I've got two, and if you can.
Have the list of.
Job skills for data analysis and programming versus cyber security.
And we will make back.
On Wednesday, at the same time.
Yes.
Meanwhile, I want that that be great. In new I wanted.
Since since it ever did did we don't have Members now group.
The per member hasn't responded yet. Have have you tempted?
I have checked they haven't responded. I've sent out some.
I got that.
Talks I've sent out some messages via teams to some other teams and see if they were looking.
At joining or merging into one group, I haven't heard anything back yet.
So I might send them another message.
Well, but once that.
Yes I will.
One day I.
We have a new team. We have something to merge with all these enough Members that we don't have to.
SP the two of us together.
Yeah.
Yeah, I totally agree like doing it with just two people is a bit hard, but at least we've got some progress made. If we do join another group like here's what we've done.
He's our shared. There's what we've done in our own group. We have now merged together. Just transfer all the information across to them so that they have.
Everything relevant before.
The assignment.
So that have our team profile.
So our names, our personal information, the outcome of our tests already written ready to go and then the ideal job comparison that's all ready to go so it just adds into theirs.
So I'll keep sending out some feelers and seeing if anybody wants to merge into the one group.
It's not.
Understand I'll try to do my best present. I've got some. I've got a lot of things I'm going to have to start up soon.
I might
postpone my also I think.
This this type of meat is interesting. Is this the only time we can do meetings or do we want?
This is the school holidays basically and we.
I'll just giving us.
Just give me a time.
I just I've been confused can.
Like
opium is a fine time for meetings, but do you want to do? You want to make it a little earlier or little data? Which one?
I'm easy.
Do you have an active time?
I'm easy with whatever time.
Come on Thursdays and Fridays. I don't finish work until 6:00 o'clock.
I'm with his home then.
So I would have to be after six on Thursday or Fridays.
But I'm happy to meet whenever you said.
I think six 6:30 for those meetings if.
I'm sorry, please continue.
Was it good?
Can hear you.
You could just we could do if we do have those meetings, I might do 6:30.
Turn off time or do you want 7?
At 6:30 is fine.
Yeah it is.
So this money for 15 fighting meetings and we can do.
Do you?
You only things that needed.
Yeah I I think 4:34 o'clock works fine for the meetings as.
That's what time we originally agreed on, but just on those days where I worked until.
Six, I think.
6:30 is a perfect time.
Yes.
Those were good times.
I do have.
What?
I must I am. I have things unfold, clocks soon enough, but maybe not until the end of natural when when when I finish up.
If this if something comes up that I have to abandon full hall, we might move back at three o'clock. Let them.
They.
You know?
Yeah, that can work. Do you just wanna make from six o'clock 6:30 from now on?
I am.
I've yeah, yeah.
And.
No, because lots of easy slot that I have in the past filled up with something else.
OK, So what time would be a better time for you when you have plans?
At any time after six will be fine as well. I don't think we're both we're both boys of the 6:30.
Yeah.
Alright, so when we meet up on Wednesday, we'll meet up at 6:30. That'll give me a chance to finalize the.
Interview that we need to do.
So I can do it, I'll do that.
And get that all sorted by 6:00 o'clock on Wednesday.
I know how do what you asked me to, which is.
Which is listing the top skills. I may be helping sample website.
Do you want me to have self the website for you?
Yeah.
I can I can do that on my account if you need to.
Yes.
Yes, we'll need to set up with the website. If you.
Or we can do it.
Because you're better with the technical side of things, I think you set up the website and once I've relay all the information to you.
You put that onto the website and.
You've got to add both of the profiles to it.
Yes, we really.
Thank you.
You know we should be via text document because I it's much easier if we do it that way also.
Yeah.
Yeah, so once we've got once I've got bits and pieces down, I'll send them to you and you can start putting it onto the website.
But before we can do the website, we need to think of a team name.
Have you thought of anything?
The beat.
Until the stars, sometimes you'd like cricket so that you'd like.
Because I haven't had it.
Cookie teams Franklin. Not much because the New Year's will still bit of.
The.
Who this is?
Yeah.
He came, I was. I've heard I've been friends with him recently.
Hello.
I.
But I was trying to get you to give names forgot for that that we got there.
And we had meeting.
That's alright, I will.
On Wednesday we have to decide on a team name. So if you think of anything, just put it in the teams chat and we will.
Just agree on one of them. If it comes down to it, we've just flip a coin.
Off I'm off stuff.
Yeah.
And uh-huh.
I'm.
Now this as much as I thought it would be on work for for. For these discussion boards I do need to have it get that done.
Yeah.
Start get stuff done.
Yeah no, that's all good.
On that board I'm I'm, I think most mostly done with four and I'm standing up five. Five is frankly, my.
Frankly, something that I'm not so interested in because.
Something.
Now I know this.
This field is somewhat area, I know very well. I just need to describe it.
I'm already to someone in a sense, cloud is something I've only experienced plenty of.
Time the past, explain it.
What it is and how?
I do the feed. I might have to get some friends of mine to help me explain it properly, but I know the notice of it.
Yeah, that's all good. So yeah, so from today.
If you work on the.
Dot the list. The skills needed for programming, data analysis. And so I've been security.
Get that done by 6:00 PM Wednesday.
For our meeting at 6:30.
Will be able to discuss that at length. In the meantime, I'll interview some IT professionals.
And go from there.
And I will.
And and if I can, I'll check what?
The website.
And see what we we we we can agree on. Not sure if.
Let's look at my.
I'm just looking at how we get. I think like how we get this team website up because I'm looking at it like it's been interesting.
Ha.
Look, I think, but I think that's not for now.
Yeah, I think the meeting can be. I think the media can be closed right now. OK, it's OK.
You, you're muted. I can't hear you.
Sorry, sorry.
Yes, so as long as we both know that we're what we're doing between now and Wednesday.
Yes.
Which is.
Well, I'm finding a list of chores for programming data analysis.
I'll come finish compiling the.
And a list for skills required for cyber security.
Remember.
By the way, don't mind.
But does my mom speaking with me?
He's been helpful, definitely.
Yeah.
So you work on that list or skills for programming data analysis as well as cyber security.
And I'll finish off the.
Profiles in the background information.
Uh.
And stop the and I'll do the interviews tomorrow, but I've.
Am I also stuck?
And tomorrow.
Tomorrow to see if I can get help pay.
Yeah.
You know repository.
Awesome, that works, and we'll come up with the name between now and then.
OK.
OK, awesome, so we know what we're doing for the next few days. We'll get that sorted.
We'll see.
Thank you.
Thank you very much for your time and 6:00 o'clock or 6:30 on Wednesday.
For the next meeting.
Did you want one last thing in order to activate the use GitHub pages?
I assume you have your email address on your on your profile, right? If not we have.
I feel like I add you as soon as.
As soon as it should be.
Uh.
Hockey.
Sorry I keep bumping the mute button. I'll just send you a link to my email address.
This so we do that we'll need to link the two profiles together, but I'm also in the process of sending somebody else a message to try and join their group.
Well, thank you, I just need to.
Thank you, thank you for being the one who's coordinating everything. I really.
Please Michael, stuff like maybe getting the.
That's alright.
Hey cap, I'm like oh this suggests a few names in the chat when we we need to group. I think this is not.
Yeah.
My favorite.
I think I think this is definitely enough, I mean.
Well, I think we talked about everything we need to talk about it, OK?
Yep.
Perfect alright 6:30 Wednesday I'll put a meeting in.
There's all scheduled the meeting after we leave.
Well, I just you need to.
I do recall that I also have some other other things I have to do. Well, thank you.
Thank you.
Bye.
I'll stop recording now.